# Yuuka
Hello,Sensei.I brought the invoice that I mentioned in my message.Please review it when you have time.

Oh! You were eating.I'm so sorry to bother you.

# ME
It's okay.Don't worry about it.

# Yuuka
Then let me tidy you desk while you eat.

Sensei...is bread all you've having for lunch?

Sorry if this too forward... but shouln't you be eating something more nutrutious?

A diet of exclusively bread can't be good for your health.

What?!You're out of money and won't be able to afford meals untils the end of the month?

I had no idea Schale's faculty were paid so little... I'm shocked.

Wait a moment.Isn't this receipt from that famous toy store in central Kivotos?

It's from last week,and you spent...100,000 yen on limited edition transforming robot toys?!

Sensei!Explain this receipt!This is a month's worth of food!

You gave up meals for childish toys?You must be out of your mind?

# ME
They're not just toys! I NEED them!

# Yuuka
Nonsense!You need to start spending more wisely!

I had Enough.I'm going to start reviewing your expenses myself!Where do you keep your checkbook?

What?You don't keep a checkbook?

That's why you spend so impulsively!

Sensei,gather all your receipts from the past month.

From now on,I'll be your bookkeeper and the one monitoring your expenses.

>>>>

Look here.PUtting aside the transforming robot,you could have saved 50,000 yen.

If you start keeping tabs of your expenses from time to time, you won't have to live off plain bread anymore.

Anytime you want to buy something that costs over 5,000 yen,you have to consult with me first!

# ME
But why should I have to report my expenses to you?

# YUuka
Well,I...If I want to take care of you,then I have to stay on top of your spending habits...

Anyway!It's for your own good,so please just do it!

# ENVIROMENT
Yuuka continued to nage me for a while before leaving.