# Asuna
Welcome.Follow me to your table,Masater..
Humm?
Master! I didn't even register that it was you. I'm glad you came.
Oh,but I should still show you to your table first.
Master..?
Hmmm."Maaaaaster"...

# ME
It's something wrong,Asuna?

# Asuna
It's just,you've always been my master, but I'm supposed to call every customer who visits "Master"

Should I call you something else to stand out？

Like,"Master Who Was Already a Master" or "Master Among Masters"? Or is it okay to stick with just "Master"?

Master...Master Who Is a Master...?

# ME
"Master is a master who is a master?"

# Asuna
Haha! You're so adorable when you're confused!
But I was right about how confusing it can get,right？
Regardless if it's you or a customer,a master is still a master at the end of the day.So I won't refer to you any differently while we're here. 
What's that? You thought we were going to hang out,so why does it look like I'm working here?
I did come to hang out with you,but since I'm wearing my maid uniform,people keep assuming I work here.
This is a maid cafe after all,so I decided to roll with it.
Huh?What are they payihg me ?
Who say anything about pay?I'm just doing this for fun!
Haha! You're making a weird face again! Ahahaha!
\*pant\* \*pant\* I swear,Master,you're so much fun to be around.
Why invite you to this cafe？
...Oh,right ! coming here was my idea,wasn't it ?
What,you think I forgot? Give me some credit.And you shouldn't be so concerned with the details anyway.
The aside,the reason I invited you here is//
Oh now I remember.
I'm on a secret mission today.I'm going to be tailing and arresting a certain individual.
That's why i asked if you wanted to hang ou at this cafe together.Heh he.
That doen't answer your question? In fact,you don't know what I'm talking about?
WHy come to a cafe if I'm on a secret mission?
Humm.That's a good question.
Who know?
I just get feeling that if I hang out here with my master,things will work out somehow.
Yup,that's how I feel! Call it a hunch!
Huh? You think I should be out there doing groundwork instead?
Trust me.THing are going to work our as long as I'm with you.
Your aren't busy right now,are you,Master?Should I have asked you later?
You're sure it's not a problem? Good ,then,Lucky me!
THis is the first time I've benn on anything like a date in a while.Maybe I should drop the part-timer gimmick.
There.You don't mind me sitting in front,do you ? 
Over here,Miss Maid ! We're ready to order!

# ME
from maid to master,just like that.

# Asuna
I told you not to sweat the small stuff!The Digital Decadent Dessert Set is great here...

# Maid
Yes! Welcome,Master!

# Suspicious Man
Good.Looks like I lost them.This looks like a good place to lay low for a while.

They just dont't know when to quit.

Now to find an empty seat somewhere.

There.Wait,why is there a maid sitting down?

"Hey,you.Shouldn't you be up taking orders?"

# Asuna
me?

# Suspicious Man
WHy is a maid sitting down and looking through a menu? Are you out of your mind ?

Is this your idea of customer service?

# Asuna
..?

# ME
Is something wrong?Asuan?

# Asuan
Target spotted!
Yay! I guess this means I caught you!

# Suspicious
How did you know to go undercover here?That's impossible!
Wait... \*RUMBLE\*

# ME
(Asuna eventually caught her target,and her secret mission ended in success.)
(But when I asked Asuna if she had predicted her target's path...)

# Asuna
Nope!

# ME
(After... that, I spent ther rest of my visit eating dessert with Asuna.)
